By this time
You're still playing tricks
Striker, you still look stubborn
President Liu, this is our National Academy of Sciences
The only chief engineer?
This is too child's play
This kind of person can do the general project of China Institute of Technology
Teacher is simply feasible
Yes!
No wonder our technology in China has been lagging behind
People who talk nonsense like this
He is not worthy to be the president of our Chinese Academy of Sciences at all
Engineer
I told you
He is a piece of crap
Maybe some trick
To deceive Dean Li?
Dean Li
The title of chief engineer of the National Academy of Sciences
Too important
We must not allow such a deceptive person
Stolen
Just shut up.
What contributions has Chief Engineer Qin made to the country?
Don't understand at all
What right do you have to slander him for cheating
Is it deception?
We'll know soon enough.
Why should Dean Li be short-sighted with these people?